Docker: able to not create the profile by passing env variable (#6252)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/run_docker.rst

         $ docker run -it --name aiida-container aiidateam/aiida-core-with-services:latest bash

>       The following environment variables are able to be set to configure the AiiDA profile:
>       - ``AIIDA_PROFILE_NAME`` the name of the profile to be created (default: ``default``)
>       - ``AIIDA_USER_EMAIL`` the email of the user to be created (default: ``aiida@localhost``)
>       - ``AIIDA_USER_FIRST_NAME`` the first name of the user to be created (default: ``Giuseppe``)
>       - ``AIIDA_USER_LAST_NAME`` the last name of the user to be created (default: ``Verdi``)
>       - ``AIIDA_USER_INSTITUTION`` the institution of the user to be created (default: ``Khedivial``)
>       - ``AIIDA_CONFIG_FILE`` the path to the AiiDA configuration file (default: ``/aiida/assets/config-quick-setup.yaml``).
> 
>       You can set these environment variables when starting the container with the ``-e`` option.
> 
>       If you don't want the profile to be created automatically, you can set the ``SETUP_DEFAULT_AIIDA_PROFILE`` environment variable to ``false``.
> 
>       Please not that ``AIIDA_CONFIG_FILE`` point to the path inside the container, if you want to use a custom configuration file, you need to mount it from host path to the container path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      By default, an AiiDA profile is automatically set up inside the container.
      To disable this default profile being created, set the ``SETUP_DEFAULT_AIIDA_PROFILE`` environment variable to ``false``.

      The following environment variables can be set to configure the default AiiDA profile:
      - ``AIIDA_PROFILE_NAME``: the name of the profile to be created (default: ``default``)
      - ``AIIDA_USER_EMAIL``: the email of the default user to be created (default: ``aiida@localhost``)
      - ``AIIDA_USER_FIRST_NAME``: the first name of the default user to be created (default: ``Giuseppe``)
      - ``AIIDA_USER_LAST_NAME``: the last name of the default user to be created (default: ``Verdi``)
      - ``AIIDA_USER_INSTITUTION``: the institution of the default user to be created (default: ``Khedivial``)
      - ``AIIDA_CONFIG_FILE``: the path to the AiiDA configuration file used for other profile configuration parameters (default: ``/aiida/assets/config-quick-setup.yaml``).

      These environment variables can be set when starting the container with the ``-e`` option.

      Please note that the ``AIIDA_CONFIG_FILE`` variable points to a path inside the container.
      Therefore, if you want to use a custom configuration file, it needs to be mounted from the host path to the container path.
```
